Implement Specific (One) Launch (#48)
rodolfobandeira/spacex: README.md

    - `SPACEX::History.info`
    - `SPACEX::History.info(4)`
  - [Launches](#launches)
    - `SPACEX::Launches.all`
    - `SPACEX::Launches.info`

>     - `SPACEX::Launches.info('68')`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SPACEX::Launches.info(68)
```

### Launches

- Get information on all launches: `SPACEX::Launches.all` or `SPACEX::Launches.info`

> - Get information on a specific launch (by flight number): `SPACEX::Launches.info('68')`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get information for a specific launch (by flight number): `SPACEX::Launches.info(68)`
```
